WHAT: Raghav Demo mtg Prof. Choppella
WHEN: July 11, 2015 - 3:45pm
WHO: Sai Gollapudi (myself, SG), Prof. Choppella (VC), Raghav (RM) Mittal

    RM demoed his Web App which had a preloaded nptel lecture. The tool was able to put notes and comment on the timeline of the video
    VC wanted to see a simple annotation tool. A tool that would be able to take a NPTEL or a Virtual Lab page and drop a note on it
    VC talked about Semantic StyleSheet where these notes can be modified as per some rules / guidelines
    VC was thinking that this tool can be a Portal or a Plugin
    VC redirected RM to take on this responsibility as a priority
    VC talked about his vision for future: Develop an Apache Foundation like platform for Educational environment. He wanted a system where developers can use APIs, PlugIns and other resources to quickly develop and deploy courses and course related material (like videos, labs, experiments). we talked about multiple fundamental points like what is a lab, experiment etc.
    RM agreed to look into developing a primitive Annotation tool (withou SWeets or any fancy facility) that would enable a simple demo on NPTEL pages.
    VC's idea was to do iterative development. Start with simple annotation tool, develop it with more and more complexity (ex. use Sweets etc.)... He also wanted it to be literate programming, following SW process rules
    SG talked about how he was setting up a development environment and then leading up to development of Sweet based application. Things that SG could reuse and control for future work.
    SG mentioned that he was following literate programming ideas and trying to be in keeping with existing Sweet architecture & Technology. For example, SG is using Flask, MongoDB, Mozilla Authtentication (Personas) etc.
    VC wanted these design decisions to be recorded
    SG was suggesting that the platform idea for educational technology needs to be frozen as an idea and that future projects can be derived from it.
    VC tasked SG to capture mtg minutes for this mtg (Done)
    Post this mtg with VC, RM and SG met to have a deep dive discussion on building the Annotation tool
    SG announced that he will be out for (PUSHKARALU SEVA) for 2-3 days



